Changelog: add a changelog entry for hidden env vars (#2947)
FlowFuse/website: src/changelog/2025/01/hidden-env-vars.md

> ---
> title: Hidden ENV Vars
> summary: Users can now hide ENV var values in the UI when creating or editing them.
> date: 2025-01-21 14:00:00.0
> authors: ["serban-costin"]
> tags:
>   - changelog
> ---
> 
> We’ve expanded the functionality of managing Node-RED ENV vars by introducing a visibility property.
> 
> ### What’s new?
> This feature is supported by both hosted and remote Node-RED instances.
> - Users can now designate ENV vars as hidden during creation or editing.
> - Hidden ENV vars will have their values concealed in the UI for enhanced privacy.
> - Once marked as hidden and saved:
>     - The ENV var’s **name** cannot be changed.
>     - The ENV var’s **value** can only be updated, not viewed.
> - To make an ENV var public/visible again, users must delete the hidden variable and recreate it as a visible one.
> 
> This feature enhances security and allows for more control over sensitive configuration data, ensuring better management in your Node-RED workflows.
> 
> ![Screenshot of the new hidden ENV vars feature - Hosted Instances](./images/hidden-env-var-instances.png){data-zoomable}
> _Screenshot of the new hidden ENV vars feature - Hosted Instances_
> 
> ![Screenshot of the new hidden ENV vars feature - Remote Instances](./images/hidden-env-var-devices.png){data-zoomable}
> _Screenshot of the new hidden ENV vars feature - Remote Instances_
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
title: Hidden Environment Variables
summary: Users can now hide environment variable values in the UI when creating or editing them.
date: 2025-01-21 14:00:00.0
authors: ["serban-costin"]
tags:
  - changelog
---

We’ve expanded the functionality of managing Node-RED environment variables by introducing the ability to hide their values in the UI.

### What’s new?
This feature is supported by both hosted and remote Node-RED instances.
- Users can now designate values as 'hidden' when creating or editing them.
- Hidden values are concealed in the UI for enhanced privacy and security.
- Once marked as hidden and saved:
    - the **name** cannot be changed.
    - the value can only be updated - its existing value cannot be seen.
- To make a value visible again, users must delete the entry and recreate it as a visible one.

This feature enhances security and allows for more control over sensitive configuration data, ensuring better management in your Node-RED workflows.

![Screenshot of the new hidden environment variables feature - Hosted Instances](./images/hidden-env-var-instances.png){data-zoomable}
_Screenshot of the new hidden environment variables feature - Hosted Instances_

![Screenshot of the new hidden environment variables feature - Remote Instances](./images/hidden-env-var-devices.png){data-zoomable}
_Screenshot of the new hidden environment variables feature - Remote Instances_

```
